There is a cut event in the second part of the event of playing , but that is also below
A little
This event is in a state now of fishing boats is that rock jump street Ngapo people if something material
Would and to
The tone and then the rod's Tsukun is limited Tteyuu be discarded with me if we Masa Suzu comes out
Yes ne
I'll want what the other rather interesting what you want to do Nene
Such'm a sound to be more because yes I I've made a poolside
Great swim pool might be but I Nee such of a calm so is Toka set
It's suddenly a sound I think I'm going to do
Oh Oh by everyone whether the audience all swimsuit vice versa
Boo Boo Swimsuit 4 Cone
Falling or selling color
A Do not you think this is their try dangerous'm important Kinasa you this Oh leather This I
The Shake
You may shake Ghana and you may choose to be yourself
It will not finally put not to jumpers to sell
Yes it's already been sued from a proper place Mr. Kasan or Wow !
If you want me , please
You can usually wear it because it is something that you can not usually get after this.
Why three times of the last morning
I got an email about the topic of school swimsuit, but there is a topic about old school swimsuit
It's been a long time ago Now it looks like it's a little different from something else
It seems old and trying to connect
School swimsuit, such as those with the like any more such do I'll skirt Te longer the house
But it's because so what generation culture
Oh Pampasity of generation Spoon Lake Taigaha divided by generation
It's already decided at the present crossroads whether you can do it
A little is better to also came old guy in
It is what kind of hair leash when putting in cheap
Someone I can blame you I Do not like lewd of money Well lewd activities
In ne This audience also interesting was like something everyone silence When you guys swimsuit Ette
I tell you because not only talking only but you help booby
bouvet Let's play free turn r like web radio Iwatobi chan Neru
No
Rokkufuri constituency Six Monch hair Well
At Lincoln
gree data become like web ragin
So-called channel ea
This program will be sent by Iwatsuki High School Swimming Club.
me